Translation (#309)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_omake.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s20/36/vtz_natsumi1001", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「はいはーい、聞こえますよ～。",

> 			NULL, ""Yeah, we can hear you~.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Yeah, we can hear you~.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s20/36/vtz_natsumi1002", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "こんにちは魅音ちゃんに詩音ちゃん、それにレナちゃんも～。",
			NULL, " Mion-chan, Shion-chan, Rena-chan, hello~.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s20/36/vtz_natsumi1003", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "そっちは盛り上がってますか～？」",

> 			NULL, " Are you guys having a good time~?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Are you guys having a good time~?\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//レナrvS20/02/VTZ_rena1009.「あははは、こんにちは夏美ちゃん！kvS20/02/VTZ_rena1010.　遠くはなれたところとこんなふうに顔を見てお話できるなんて、なんだか不思議な感じだね～！」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f0953d>レナ</color>", NULL, "<color=#f0953d>Rena</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 2, "ps3/s20/02/vtz_rena1009", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「あははは、こんにちは夏美ちゃん！",

> 			NULL, ""Ahahaha, hello, Natsumi-chan!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Ahahaha, hello, Natsumi-chan!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 2, "ps3/s20/02/vtz_rena1010", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　遠くはなれたところとこんなふうに顔を見てお話できるなんて、なんだか不思議な感じだね～！」",

> 			NULL, " It feels so weird to be able to see and talk to you like this when you're so far away~!", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " It feels so weird to be able to see and talk to you like this when you're so far away~!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//夏美rvS20/36/VTZ_natsumi1004.「そうだよねー。kvS20/36/VTZ_natsumi1005.これって、最新式の通信技術なんでしょ？k|yvS20/36/VTZ_natsumi1006.　衛星放送もテレビ電話も、まだ試験中って聞いたけど……どうやって設置したの？」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s20/36/vtz_natsumi1004", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「そうだよねー。",
			NULL, "\"You're right about that.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s20/36/vtz_natsumi1005", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "これって、最新式の通信技術なんでしょ？",

> 			NULL, " This is cutting edge communication technology, right?", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " This is cutting edge communication technology, huh?", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s20/36/vtz_natsumi1006", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　衛星放送もテレビ電話も、まだ試験中って聞いたけど……どうやって設置したの？」",

> 			NULL, " Though I've heard satellite broadcasting and video calls are still in the excperimental stages... So how does this work?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Though I hear satellite broadcasting and video calls are still in the experimental stages... So how does this work?\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//詩音rvS20/06/VTZ_shion1004.「まぁ、そのへんは企業秘密ってことで。kvS20/06/VTZ_shion1005.最後だからってことで、色んな人に超法規的措置やら何やらで動いてもらいましたから。k|yvS20/06/VTZ_shion1006.……とはいえ、長いこと喋っていると恐い機関にバレちゃいますので、手短にお願いします」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#5ec69a>詩音</color>", NULL, "<color=#5ec69a>Shion</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 6, "ps3/s20/06/vtz_shion1004", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「まぁ、そのへんは企業秘密ってことで。",
			NULL, "\"Well, that's a trade secret.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 6, "ps3/s20/06/vtz_shion1005", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "最後だからってことで、色んな人に超法規的措置やら何やらで動いてもらいましたから。",

> 			NULL, "Since this is the last time, I managed to call in a few favors from people in the right places.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Since this is our last party, I managed to call in a few favors from people in the right places.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6f6599>珠子</color>", NULL, "<color=#6f6599>Tamako</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s20/38/vtz_tamako1001", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「はいはい、落ち着きなって。",
			NULL, "\"Now now, calm down.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s20/38/vtz_tamako1002", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "まぁ気心知れた者同士で集まってるほうが何かと気楽だし、私はこっちでも全然構わないんだけどね」",

> 			NULL, "Well, it's somewhat more comforting to be around people of similar dispositions, so I don't mind doing it here.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Well, it's a bit more comfortable to be around people you're familiar with, so I don't mind doing it here.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a4856e>まどか</color>", NULL, "<color=#a4856e>Madoka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s20/29/vtz_madoka1001", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「まぁ、そういう考え方もあるよね。",
			NULL, "\"Well, you can look at it that way too.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s20/29/vtz_madoka1002", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "……あ、そっちに蔵ちゃんいますか？」",
			NULL, " ...Oh, is Kura-chan there?\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//大石rvS20/11/VTZ_oishi1024.「えぇ、おりますよ。kvS20/11/VTZ_oishi1025.まどかちゃんもお元気そうですね～、んっふっふっふっ！」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s20/11/vtz_oishi1024", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「えぇ、おりますよ。",
			NULL, "\"Yes, I am.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s20/11/vtz_oishi1025", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "まどかちゃんもお元気そうですね～、んっふっふっふっ！」",

> 			NULL, " You look like you're doing well too, Madoka-chan~, nfufufu!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " You look like you're doing well too, Madoka-chan~, nfu fu fu!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	OutputLine(NULL, "　君の身体は、もう一人だけのものじゃないんだぞ。",
			NULL, " You're not just living for yourself anymore.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s20/30/vtz_yamaoki1003", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "もし万が一のことがあったらどうする！？」",
			NULL, " What would I do if something were to happen to you!?\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//まどかrvS20/29/VTZ_madoka1005.「……てな感じに。kvS20/29/VTZ_madoka1006.心配してくれるのはいいんだけど、正直ちょっと『ウザい』っつーか。kvS20/29/VTZ_madoka1007.近所に買い物行く時でもパトカー呼びつけてくるし、デパートに行った時なんか機動隊と爆弾処理班待機させてるんだよ？」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a4856e>まどか</color>", NULL, "<color=#a4856e>Madoka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s20/29/vtz_madoka1005", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……てな感じに。",
			NULL, "\"...Well, you get the picture.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s20/29/vtz_madoka1006", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "心配してくれるのはいいんだけど、正直ちょっと『ウザい』っつーか。",
			NULL, " It's good he's worried and all, but honestly it's a bit annoying.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s20/29/vtz_madoka1007", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "近所に買い物行く時でもパトカー呼びつけてくるし、デパートに行った時なんか機動隊と爆弾処理班待機させてるんだよ？」",

> 			NULL, " I get summoned to my police car even when I go shopping nearby, and he deploys riot squads and bomb disposal squads when I go to the department store.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " He calls in a patrol car when I go shopping nearby, and he deploys riot squads and bomb disposal squads when I go to the department store.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#7d746d>山沖</color>", NULL, "<color=#7d746d>Yamaoki</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s20/30/vtz_yamaoki1004", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「構わん。",
			NULL, "\"I don't care.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s20/30/vtz_yamaoki1005", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "日本の将来よりも、私には我が娘の未来のほうが重要なだけだ」",
			NULL, " My daughter's future is more important than Japan's. That's all.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//まどかrvS20/29/VTZ_madoka1009.「……いや、まだ子どもが女って決まったわけじゃないんだけど」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a4856e>まどか</color>", NULL, "<color=#a4856e>Madoka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s20/29/vtz_madoka1009", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……いや、まだ子どもが女って決まったわけじゃないんだけど」",

> 			NULL, "\"Uh, we still don't know if the baby's a girl, you know.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...Uh, we still don't know if the baby's a girl, you know.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s20/37/vtz_chisato1001", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「うわぁ……ダメな父親パターンの典型だ～」",

> 			NULL, "\"Uwaa... The telltale signs of a doting father~."\", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Uwaa... The telltale signs of a doting father~.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#7d746d>山沖</color>", NULL, "<color=#7d746d>Yamaoki</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s20/30/vtz_yamaoki1006", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……いいでしょう、相手になりますよ大石さん。",
			NULL, "\"...You're on, Ooishi-san.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s20/30/vtz_yamaoki1007", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "最近射撃の機会が少なくなって、腕がなまっていたところですから」",

> 			NULL, " I haven't had many chances to shoot recently, so my skills were just starting to degrade. So this is perfect.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I haven't had many opportunities to go shooting lately, so my skills were just starting to degrade. So this is perfect.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//大石rvS20/11/VTZ_oishi1030.「ぅおっと？！k|yvS20/11/VTZ_oishi1031.　じょ、冗談ですよ山沖さんっ！k|yvS20/11/VTZ_oishi1032.　んっふっふっふっ……」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s20/11/vtz_oishi1030", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「ぅおっと？！",

> 			NULL, "Whoa?!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Whoa?!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s20/11/vtz_oishi1031", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　じょ、冗談ですよ山沖さんっ！",
			NULL, " I-I was just kidding, Yamaoki-san!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s20/11/vtz_oishi1032", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　んっふっふっふっ……」",

> 			NULL, " Nfufufu...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Nfu fu fu...\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#7d746d>山沖</color>", NULL, "<color=#7d746d>Yamaoki</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s20/30/vtz_yamaoki1008", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「はっはっはっはっ……！」",

> 			NULL, "\Hahahaha...!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Hahahaha...!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6f6599>珠子</color>", NULL, "<color=#6f6599>Tamako</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s20/38/vtz_tamako1003", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……あの二人、笑ってるのに目が笑ってないね」",

> 			NULL, "\"...The two of them may be laughing, but their eyes definitely aren't.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...The two of them may be laughing, but the look in their eyes is definitely something else.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s20/37/vtz_chisato1002", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「まぁ、どっちかっつーと暁も花嫁の父になったら、あぁいう感じになると私は思うけどね」",
			NULL, "\"Well, I think Akira will turn out the same way if he ever ends up the father to a bride.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//夏美rvS20/36/VTZ_natsumi1010.「そ、そんなことないよ！kvS20/36/VTZ_natsumi1011.　ね、暁くん？」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s20/36/vtz_natsumi1010", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「そ、そんなことないよ！",

> 			NULL, "\"T-that's not true!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Th-that's not true!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#c8647c>暁</color>", NULL, "<color=#c8647c>Akira</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s20/39/vtz_akira1001", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「あ？　あぁ、もちろん。",

> 			NULL, "Huh? Yeah, of course.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Huh? Yeah, of course.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s20/39/vtz_akira1002", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "……むしろ夏美のほうが、結構あぁなりそうだと思うけどな……」",

> 			NULL, " ...If anything, I think you'd be more likely to turn out that way, Natsumi...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...If anything, I think you'd be more likely to turn out that way, Natsumi...\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#c8647c>暁</color>", NULL, "<color=#c8647c>Akira</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s20/39/vtz_akira1003", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「っ？　い、いや別にっ！」",

> 			NULL, "\? N-no, nothing!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"? N-no, nothing!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s20/30/vtz_yamaoki1009", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「なにをおっしゃる。",
			NULL, "\"What are you saying?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s20/30/vtz_yamaoki1010", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "あなたはもう、立派な捜査官ですよ。",
			NULL, " You're already a respectable investigator.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 30, "ps3/s20/30/vtz_yamaoki1011", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "どうかこれからも、社会正義のために頑張ってください」",
			NULL, " Please continue to do your best for the sake of social justice.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//赤坂rvS20/13/VTZ_akasaka1003.「……恐縮です。kvS20/13/VTZ_akasaka1004.あなたの育まれた数々の経験と知識、しっかり受け継いでやっていきます」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#797d8a>赤坂</color>", NULL, "<color=#797d8a>Akasaka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s20/13/vtz_akasaka1003", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……恐縮です。",
			NULL, "\"...I'm honored.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s20/13/vtz_akasaka1004", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "あなたの育まれた数々の経験と知識、しっかり受け継いでやっていきます」",

> 			NULL, " I swear I'll inherit the various experiences and knowledge you raised.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I swear I'll honor the knowledge and experiences you passed on to me.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a4856e>まどか</color>", NULL, "<color=#a4856e>Madoka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s20/29/vtz_madoka1010", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「い、いや……さすがに、同種扱いされるのは正直、身内としてもカンベンなんだけど……」",

> 			NULL, "\"N-no... We may be family, but please don't lump me in with you...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"N-no... We may be family, but please don't lump me together with you...\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//巴rvS20/28/VTZ_tomoe1007.「……はぁぁ、何もいいことがなかった人生だったわ。kvS20/28/VTZ_tomoe1008.お疲れさま会は別室扱いになるし、妹とおっさんのイチャラブ魅せつけられて食は進まないし」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtz_tomoe1007", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……はぁぁ、何もいいことがなかった人生だったわ。",

> 			NULL, ""\"...Haah, my whole life sucks., Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...Haah, my whole life sucks., Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtz_tomoe1008", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "お疲れさま会は別室扱いになるし、妹とおっさんのイチャラブ魅せつけられて食は進まないし」",

> 			NULL, " The wrap-up party's happening in a different room, and my sister and the old man are showing off their love so hard that I'm not eating anything.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " The wrap-up party's happening in a different room, and my sister and the old man are acting so lovey-dovey I'm can't even eat.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s20/37/vtz_chisato1006", 256, TRUE);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(5, 38, "ps3/s20/38/vtz_tamako1005", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「「け、結構です！！」」",

> 			NULL, "\"W-we'll pass!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"\"W-we'll pass!!\"\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#c8647c>暁</color>", NULL, "<color=#c8647c>Akira</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s20/39/vtz_akira1004", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……頼む、夏美。",
			NULL, "\"...Please, Natsumi.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s20/39/vtz_akira1005", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "他のことはともかく、……あれだけはやめてくれ。",
			NULL, " I'll let you get away with anything else... so just don't do that, I'm begging you.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 39, "ps3/s20/39/vtz_akira1006", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "違う意味で惨劇だ……」",
			NULL, " It'd be a tragedy in a whole different sense.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//巴rvS20/28/VTZ_tomoe1011.「……ったく。k|yvS20/28/VTZ_tomoe1012.そうだレナさん、渚さんも来てるわよ？」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtz_tomoe1011", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……ったく。",
			NULL, "\"...Geez.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtz_tomoe1012", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "そうだレナさん、渚さんも来てるわよ？」",

> 			NULL, " Oh, that's right, Rena-san, Nagisa-san's here too."", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Oh, that's right, Rena-san. Nagisa-san's here too.\"", Line_Normal);
```
